Versions docs: Add note on unstable versions (#7096)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Versions.md

* Versioned software should build on all Homebrew's supported versions of macOS.
* Versioned formulae should differ in major/minor (not patch) versions from the current stable release. This is because patch versions indicate bug or security updates and we want to ensure you apply security updates.

> * Unstable versions (alpha, beta, development versions) are not acceptable, not even for versioned formulae.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unstable versions (alpha, beta, development versions) are not acceptable for versioned (or unversioned) formulae.
```
```suggestion
* Unstable versions (alpha, beta, development versions) are not acceptable, not even for versioned formulae.
```
```suggestion
* Unstable versions (alpha, beta, development versions) are not acceptable, not even for versioned formulae.
```
